good evening and welcome to Bruce's shop
and this lovely friday night we're going
towards the second last cut in the young
in this I the young but this is the case
of course of the cranky arm which were
replicating this one here which has
edges all flogged out the holes broken
through and that's so we're now this is
number two of that series and we're
machining this up once we're finished
boring this to size we're going to make
a plug bolted onto the table we're going
to set the eye on it and then we go to
rotate it until we get it to the correct
direction so that we can run through I
do do the groove do all the holes and to
do the big big hole as well and once
we've got that will be up to pivoted on
that point and zero it in and then from
there everything will go according to
the drawings that I've made we're just
heading down towards the last one and
while we're at this of course the added
value here is is producing some steel
wool and we've got a fair bit of it here
and there's a lot more with around as
well so that's the added value of this
job and it's just about finished now
that cut and she'll trigger off trigger
off here and I'd run back up and then I
can turn it off it gets ready to set the
next one
there we go then we'll turn that off now
that's this is on the right-hand corner
on the left hand corner we've got a
couple of it currently get around this
one here is a pump lower bearing housing
and it's got one two three broken studs
and what we'll be doing will be getting
those studs out and we'll be putting
that we'll be drilling the four of them
out and putting recoils in them and get
that back and here we got a torpedo
that's come in with a drawing to go with
it to show us what the problem is and
the problem is that inside here down
down inside is a broken down pin but
we've also got these electric
connections and so we're going to have
to be very careful in it so we've got
both those set up for tomorrow morning
to do our get her out on those two items
and i'm using the same tool so decided
to set her up so that's in the right
hand corner we had the the cranky arm on
the left-hand corner we've got the got
these two items for the easier and if we
swing around to the other side what
we've got here is the formation after
I've painted my the tap handles the
bigger of the tap handles which includes
the number 22 and the number 8 that came
that came from the states and they just
bear with me a second and they came from
Stan the man but we got them for me and
then you can see how big they are well
that one that one near the handle is
thirteen hundred and forty millimeters
long with the handle on it and so those
are those are the 2i got to Adam got to
the same but so these are the same brand
and the other one with a different brand
and then these are this is the number
this one here is a number 78 a 7 b i
should say there's peeing in australia
this is a number seven that's been
flogged around smashed bashed over the
years bought that at a flea market
that's rather this was none other number
seven is the number six year number five
number zero and we've got a sprinkling
of others in here as well some of them
more favorite than others these have
been well-worn being travel with me for
many many years starrett 91b this is one
I made when I was at school at trade
school this is another another little
fellow here that I'm not quite sure what
it is it's at T in g or t ng one not 155
and this little bloke here instead of
what he is and so you can see the
proportion Thea answer them the smallest
to the largest and yeah that's about all
for this corner and then we've got this
bearing housing here that needs some
work done on it and a few other things
over in there in the lathe area to be
machined up so there we go so that says
that's it for tonight friday night the
will continue on a little bit and then
we're going to come back tomorrow